Documentation Improvements (#3153)
ethereum/web3.js: docs/web3.rst

Web3
====

> This is the main or also called umbrella class of the web3.js library.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is the main (or 'umbrella') class of the web3.js library.
```
